It's really useful. That is,
there's so many things that are programmed in C++,
and there's best programs in C++.
Your camera's probably programmed in C++.
Your cell phones have C++ on it.
There's the new data,
science stuff has C++,
your self-driving cars have C++.
There is C++ on Mars,
in the Mars Rovers.
It's all over the place.
Doesn't really matter much what you're interested in.
There will be a job for writing C++ in that field.
It's a language with a lot of features.
So you can use it to learn the fundamentals of quite a few variations of programming.
So you can learn how to work with data structures.
You can learn how to write algorithms.
You can write very high level generic code in it.
You can fiddle with the bits of the hardware in it.
A lot of languages are built to do one thing,
or they protect you against some of the unpleasantness of the real world,
to the point where you can't actually learn how to deal with.
So C++ can be very useful as a learning tool to learn how to program.
Then of course what you learned you can use.